Wow, it's a purple glass window
I'm going to get rich, look at you
I don't even know what to say about you
This is what you said.
Then I'm welcome.
I choose first
Well, I'll take them all.
What!
What do you mean?
You take all these obviously shipped stones.
So what else do we buy?
Broken
You don't have a rule that I can't buy it all, right?
As long as I have money
I can have as many as I want.
Even if I empty this store
What can you do to me boss
No matter how much he pays
I pay double
Humph
Uh, not Miss Chen.
Aren't you embarrassing me?
I'll scold you like that
Then my name stinks
Since you want the kite
Then I have to sell it to him.
I don't just want it all
I'm going to make an incision on the spot.
Let some people's dream of opening a store
Let him see with his own eyes how it breaks
Somebody cut it
Wow, as expected of Master Fang
Sure enough, I understood
Every piece you see is a boutique.
Estimate
I made at least 100 million, oops, where is it?
These are small cases.
How about trabecular
Let you choose
Great, he didn't open the purple glass seed.
Choose your uncle
Xiao Liang let's go
I don't believe it's not sold elsewhere. Let's go.
Master Fang
Since you have opened all these jade stones
Can you keep the leftovers for me?
That rubbish
Do you really want that junk?
Why are you crazy?
What do you want that rubbish for?
Right.
I've never seen anyone pick up trash before
Master Fang, do you give it?